The goddess wins.
It's all
I don't
Let's
do this.
[Applause]
What do you think of this?
[Music]
Yep.
So it
bitching like nothing
couldn't be bluffing. Wait it out. Wait
it out. I still haven't seen all the
[__] you've been bragging about. I'm on
the wizard shack.
All of the spells that I'm hitting just
slap slap king. All of your treasures
fall into my lap. My potions could kill
you [__] cuz your ass ain't
the
land.
[Music]
What are you doing here?
I didn't know Violet made dumb.
What do you think of this?
Yay!
[Music]
Sorry. Wait, wait a minute. Now, wait a
minute.
The She never done it before. Girls her
wizard, so I get it. Is a joke, right?
That's a joke, right?
I'm always I feel like for the rest of
my life I'm going to have to be like
explaining the very the different parts
of my like music project to people who
are like new.
Um
like
instead of just like
explaining this, let me show the proof
of it.
If you go to my if you go to my YouTube
channel
and you click on
I mean we could talk about thing at the
place January 3rd
2013.
This is this is 12 years ago. This is 12
years ago.
[Music]
thing at the place.
No, not necessarily bro step. It is more
electro uh house/complex tro but um
the first like true broep thing I guess
I don't want to talk about fire gala
that's not real uh alicorn twilight from
again 12 years ago
[Music]
Now, the difference between this and uh
Think at the Place is I did most of the
sound design on Think at the Place,
whereas Alicorn Twilight's mostly just
like Monster Base Volume 2 or something.
Um, but then I learned how to do more of
my own sound design after this. Um,
I'm trying to think what is like the
more original
was maybe like the first like super
original Brostep song. Well, see, that's
the problem is I was making a lot of
burst out music
way back in the day. But then, um, I
started focusing a lot once I started
doing more of my own sound design, my
focus shifted mostly to like complex and
like house music rather than like really
really really bro
type [__] And so, like I was doing the
sound design, but I was focusing on
like, you know, four on the floor beats
rather than than like halftime 140 150.
it. So, the way the way I would say is
that I had been making a lot of Bro Step
for years, but I didn't release a ton of
it just because like I either never
finished it or I was just focusing more
on like four on the floor 128 stuff. Um,
I don't really And what's really funny
is that there's I've literally been
doing it for so long and then like there
was a point where I realized I just
hadn't released a lot of it which is why
I made the Antiniff thing.
I was like, I haven't I I've been making
I've made a lot of demos like this
before, but I never really released a
song that sounded like this, so I might
as well do this.
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm going to bring up like uh
my Spotify
my Spotify page.
Um let's see.
Like
what would I say are is like well
technically this I guess
but literally whenever you hear my bro
step stuff it's just actually in the in
the context of like house music. So let
me let me get more examples of that. Um,
like I
thinking with my big brain. I mean, like
here's the original Nightmare Knight
and like this.
And like this
and ghosties,
but most notably Pinkie Pie Pinky
Pinky's Adventure Donut. This is maybe
like my first actually like good complex
song.
[Music]
And then in Horse Friends, there's just
even more complex strokes. Just more and
more of it.
[Music]
By the time I started doing more
halftime like 140 150 stuff, I had moved
on from like the early bro sound and I
was trying to do like modern stuff like
here's scarem.
[Music]
So this is like postrm stuff.
So, it's like I had been practicing that
old broep style for a long time. Didn't
end up releasing a lot of those songs.
And when I finally was like proficient
enough with sound design and songwriting
for these like halftime type dubstep
influence things, it was like I was
doing the new stuff at the time, the
trendy stuff instead of the old broep
sound. So
I kind of frequently forget that people
don't realize that I would practice I'd
practice that for so long. you know,
bang out is like hybrid trap stuff.
[Music]
And mystic acoustics with uh
what what are we looking in quality
here?
[Music]
What's funny is I actually have been
listening to the old demo of equality
inequality a little bit recently. Let me
see if I can find the one. Um cuz it
used to sound very different. I think it
was demo 50. Was it? No, that's the
wrong one. What is it?
This one.
Don't
Oh, 78. Okay. So, Inequality, uh, demo
78. I actually really like this version
of Inequality. Um, it got changed out
quite a bit, but this intro part will
sound familiar to people who have heard
this album.
Standing by.
[Music]
[Applause]
This is the original boy.
This is how you switch.
[Music]
switch.
I actually like really like that still.
But yeah, uh and then like we got into
really big postrandom stuff when we hit
like boneless
[Music]
beauty sleep.
Poppy
[Music]
King is back.
And then you'll notice suddenly in Cutie
Marks proper
[Music]
instead of those weird comb filtered
like pitch or frequency shifted like
rhythm style bases. Suddenly you're
hearing more growls in this stuff again.
And then of course you just talked about
the antonyym one and then um
genuinely
I was just like realizing after the
antonyym thing and I was like I didn't
do a lot of that and actually release a
lot of that broep stuff that I was
really doing. And so with this album I
was like I'm going to do it for real
this time and show people what I used to
do and how I can do it now. So, it's
like it might sound new to some people,
but I have been doing this [__] for
years. Um,
and very very intensely shown through
this
[Music]
power.
Take another
base.
[Music]
So, proving that I know how to how to do
this stuff.
Um
and in terms of girls who are wizards
that is
um musicians of podville is technically
the only one to one broep song on girls
who are wizards cuz uh title track is
complex that's just big room house queen
is back is technically rhythm kind of um
wizard of loves is a mumba core but I
mean it's adjacent
Uh, this is just house. That's the bro
song in question. That's ambient. This
is glitch hop, so it's not even bro.
[Music]
Potion seller is also glitch hop.
Sega dragon's just complex.
Uh Stinklebug is
technically like dance floor German bass
and bro step.
If you want to learn more about Glitch
Hop, there's two artists I would
recommend. Firstly,
uh, Savant. Oh my god, I have more
monthly listeners than Savant. Oh,
that's kind of nuts. Okay. Anyway, cuz
like I've been listening to Savant since
I was like 13. So, that's crazy. Um,
uh, the two the two like well
technically three, but two groups, the
godfathers of Glitch Hop are Savant and
Cohen Sounds. Um, I I'll show Savant
first because Savant is like the one of
the most formative artists of like my
childhood and like without Savant there
basically is no Violet Pony. Um, but if
you want to like hear what to me was
like the the the glitch hop song. The
glitch hop song. It was um Starfish
and it sounded like this.
Oops.
[Music]
Hey,
hey, hey.
[Music]
just it's it's just it's it's perfect.
It's it's such a perfect song. Um some
other great ones on Vario are like uh
huge fan of this one.
[Music]
And also off of Oracle, which anyone
who's listening to Savant should get
into Oracle first. This is like the
album to listen to. Snake Eyes is a
great glitchab song.
Got that like three or three style acid
base in the background.
[Music]
Then of course maybe the more truer
origin of Cohen sound would be I mean
more more the more truer origin of
glitch hob would be Cohen sound. Um,
their stuff super timeless, super
interesting to me. Um,
you basically can't have a conversation
about Glitch Trap without talking about
Funk Funk Blaster, which sounds like
this.
[Music]
like that's great. Also, uh talk box
this one.
Oh, okay. So, anyone who's in the Super
Pony World uh server, the Discord
server, if anyone knows about the mm
mm.wave wave snare sound that I and some
other people just keep sending in the
server. This is where it comes from.
Okay, we get back to the port.
[Music]
Meanwhile,
Oh, that that sound design is nuts,
dude. Oh my god.
It's like some of the cleanest, most
tight modulated
re bases you could ever hear. that nutty
filtering.
How do you do sound design like this?
Anyway, this was done before Serum. This
is in 200 This is in 2011. This was 14
years ago.
Um, the way you do sound design like
that is is mostly you're you're working
with basic waveforms. You're trying to
get a race base out of some saw waves.
And the big part about it is modulating
filters and and pitches and stuff.
They're probably doing this in Massive
or maybe FM8 if they were doing some FM
stuff, but probably Massive like by
Native Instruments. The thing is though
is there's some like really interesting
elements about their respaces that I
don't quite understand how to do like
one to one. Um you'll hear I' I I did
some like Cohen sounds sounding stuff on
Love and Pony Step, specifically Comic
Catcher. So when the album comes out,
you can listen to that and you can hear
like my interpretation of like the Cohen
sound design. Um, but I didn't really
get onetoone with it cuz like they just
have a a knowledge for this stuff that's
like really crazy. Um, and fun fact is
the
uh the kick drum in this I think it is
if you hear the kick drum the [__]
the kick drum from this song is actually
Skrillex actually took that kick drum
and used it in a lot of his songs. So
it's the same kick drum as Ry in
[Music]
Skrillex actually used to steal a lot of
like Cohen sound drums because Cohen
sound they they they just made some
really banger drums and [__] Um, but
Skrillex took some of those and and used
them in especially the banger era.
Another fun fact about Skirix as a
sampling stuff is that
the island part two song by Pendulum
the kick drum here
that kick drum is actually the kick drum
that Skrillex sampled for rock and roll.
Oh my god.
[Music]
So, Skrillex took the the kick from the
island part two and used it in in rock
and roll. It's it's really really fun to
like trace trace these cuz like
that's like who knows where Pendulum got
the kick drum originally. And the whole
idea is that like when you sample from
another song that's already like
electronic music, that sample is
probably layered with other stuff. So
like the more people are sampling from
each other, uh little bits and pieces of
the previous song get added to it. It's
like really really fun. It's like really
fun. I love it a lot. Um
but that's that's all that's all fun in
games. Um, but yeah, I I've been doing
EDM like that's that's what I started
doing as Violet Pony. Um, and I've been
releasing music as Violet Pony for 13
years. Um, I've gone through like
different phases of doing different
things. So,
um,
you know, all this stuff here.
How do you feel about people sampling
your stuff? Oh, people should sample my
stuff. I think that's like a really good
thing.
I don't know why I would be against
people sampling my stuff.
I was like, "Awesome." And like, "Make
money off of it. Please,
please make money off of it."
Um,
but I would say like here, you know,
this was mostly just EDM with very
little variance. There were some little
experiments here and there with a few
things, but this was mostly just EDM.
Um, in Horse Runs, we start to get into
a few interesting things like with
Crimson Shade, you know, it's like the
sort of like instrumental funk rock
thing, which, you know, it didn't go out
super great. Um, when Encanterot was
sort of pop stuff,
that's apparently my voice. Um, Hot to
Trot was like that hybrid trap stuff
again.
Um, Smile on was like an attempt at rock
music.
We We got to Monarch from here.
[Music]
like we we got to Monarch from here. Um
but aside from those things I'm showing
like this was mostly the EDM era. Then
once you get over starting with art and
cadency, things start to change a little
bit cuz I started to expand beyond EDM
and mostly just doing electronic
adjacent music of all different kinds.
So um art and cadency is very synth pop
oriented.
Static was also synth wave oriented.
[Music]
So it was basically like sort of four
years of un uninterrupted EDM releases
and then you know year five things
started to or not year five it was it
was like 3 years of uninterrupted EDM
releases.
Fourth year um started doing expanding
beyond that
um to doing some other things. Super
Pony World was a really big experiment
cuz you would go from Complexro
to like kind of ambient indie pop stuff
[Music]
down to like this OST stuff
over to like this ambient,
you know, piano piece.
Go over here. This like cinematic
orchestral stuff.
Yeah, there. If you listen to all my
music and then reach Super Pony World Z
simulation, you'll realize like despite
it being EDM focused, it is quite
different from how everything else was
sounding. Um,
and then right when th this is basically
the last great ode to the old EDM stuff.
Um,
and then cuz right after that then we
started doing this.
Well, this is that's future bass, but
it's fine. Uh, like whatever this is.
[Music]
Clearly, there was like an expansion
into doing like some acoustic stuff.
This whatever fun little thing is.
And then Love Letters was probably the
the biggest divergence from everything.
Totally. Because this is purely like an
R&B oriented album.
[Music]
games.
[Applause]
So like that that was a really big
divergence and that also coincided with
the fact I started doing that sort of
like modern broep stuff but the for into
acoustic stuff. Oh, what are you yelling
at me for? Okay, there you go. The for
into acoustic stuff continued with stuff
like this
[Music]
and like this.
And naturally,
huh? Yeah.
Oh, Spotify, can you be normal?
[Music]
Even more with stuff like, you know,
And then someone was asking what was the
biggest leap in quality was mystic
acoustics. So, um, the rise to the
quality of like getting over here was
pretty steady with a slight leap with
Super Pot World, an interesting change
with Love Letters, but the quality sort
of consistently started rising, but it
was Mystic Acoustics where I basically
locked in. And by this point, um, I had
a big enough audience that I was like,
"Okay, I'm actually going to try and
like really apply myself this time
because now enough people are paying
attention. So, let's let's see what I
can really do. And I would say Mystic
Acoustics is my first like great album
and maybe my first great cohesive
project. Um, opening with Foreign, which
still remains one of my favorite songs
to this day.
I was clearly experimenting with
acoustic music before, so now here's a
full-on acoustic song.
[Music]
modern electronic ambient sort of German
liquid German bass influenced deter.
[Music]
The mixing arrangements, sound design,
everything on this album was like much
bigger and more bold than before.
And also I was really singing a lot now.
Singing was always secondary before
Mystic Acoustics.
A shift to a more
subtle, refined question mark sort of
electronic music here
and a big emphasis on orchestral
world of drift with its synth pop stuff.
[Music]
But I think the most significant thing
of Mystic Acoustics is that for the
first time in the discoraphy, there was
something reminiscent of a progressive
rock song and that was Cadence for the
Dying.
[Music]
[Applause]
Is that him? It literally is.
We did it. We reached it. Yeah, that's
him. You know that.
[Music]
And then there, you know,
you know, all these all these spinning
plates, all these things that are
getting stacked on top of each other,
you can feel them sort of all
culminating into where I am now.
you know, big the biggest acoustic thing
ever was this Tails from Equestria
piece, which was, you know,
well, this is not acoustic, but this is
And this was
And this sort of was
Oak library definitely
was fascinating.
That's just piano.
Trails was a one take song I did with
Silver.
So Tails to Equestria is very very very
acoustically focused. Um, and then here,
you know, in this era, I started to
really focus on like pop music and pop
songwriting and like trying to improve
myself as like an arranger and like a
singer and like making
stuff have lyrics that kind of mattered.
So
EDM,
experimental electronic and synth pop,
R&B stuff, then going back to fusing
like EDM with acoustics and like
orchestral stuff. Small acoustic focus
here. And then very much getting into
like the pop sphere with these songs.
Um, so like for example,
uh, Harvey Spears is a good example.
Gentle
fs
then ember
you know you recognize that's from
Monarchlessness.
[Music]
Let me show you my heart.
And nowhere, of course.
[Applause]
So, like we're like starting to go full
into the pop era of me. Uh, Twinkle,
which still remains a very, very, very
important song to me, fuses the acoustic
stuff I was learning earlier with my pop
songwriting. And we did this.
Where do I begin?
In a worldle.
And then when Pop Pop is in full
fullness
with Alo and Lotus, it basically this
was like the time for Pop to really
happen for for Violet Pony. I think that
is is extremely extremely evident from
Earnest. This is like the most pop I had
ever done up to this point.
to show you what I think about.
[Music]
And when we did Earnest, I was like,
"Holy [__] I could actually write a
decent pop song."
And so then I went even further with
like uh putting all my old bides and
stuff with glitter and prom that
Equestria of course. And I just want to
feel you baby.
[Music]
Getting into glitter. And we had stuff
like this.
[Music]
And for a brief moment, I entertained
the idea of doing EDM again with
glitter.
[Music]
Now, mind you, the last time people had
heard a song like this from me would
have been
2 years before it, almost 3 years before
it technically. Um, but that wouldn't
really be entertained very much for
another 2 years again. Um, meanwhile,
Homeward was coming up and I was like,
"Okay, with all these Starship Ponyville
albums, you know, my entire goal is to
test everything I had learned up to that
point." So, Homeward combines everything
you heard. So, with Homeward itself,
here's the acoustic stuff.
Square One, here comes the pop music.
[Music]
Convergence.
Here comes the orchestral music.
Strangers. Here comes the ambient stuff.
[Music]
And in the background, I had been
practicing my bass music again. So, here
comes Swarm.
Elasium has the synth pop elements.
[Music]
Danger Close has more of that bro stuff,
but you'll notice again still very
modern sounding, modern of 2019 at the
time. Um, then Harbor was a fascinating
thing because, you know, I hadn't really
tried a lot of rock music very much
properly, even though rock music was
like my first love. Um, and here I was,
you know, giving it a little try again.
So long.
So then synth pop dubstep again. Here
comes the ambient stuff and more ambient
stuff. And then pinumbra again. Here is
where we get into the
the next Prague thing I did after
Cadence for the Dying 2 years later,
which now sounds even more like a
progressive rock than Cadence for the
Dying did.
[Music]
multi-sections like this.
Some guitar in there.
Quiet section. Switch up here.
You know,
some guitar again.
Interlude.
Big fat rock part.
an annoyingly dramatic outro.
It was a progressive rock song.
Um, synth pop, bro.
Tear is a lot of that orchestral stuff
and some of my favorite of it.
[Music]
Of
course, the big shocker for everyone was
this [__] Overrun [__] which is
where I I throw R&B, you know, like
weird funk synth pop stuff in here.
to the part.
[Music]
And right from there, what would you
know is I did a whole R&B album next.
You know this [__]
[Music]
Tell me
you're [__] up your chances to redeem
yourself.
[Music]
Subtle little rock idea here.
Some like ambient pop stuff,
jazz things and whatnot.
and everything.
So, very very laid-back, very very
quiet, very R&B, very ambient. Um, and
so
this was the last thing I did before I
was forced to leave home. Uh, and Queen
of Misfits signifies, I think, a huge
change in things where, you know, I had
had a little bit of pop stuff here and
there. Queen of Misfits, it's now it's
now time for like really bombastic pop
music instead.
[Music]
So this was like
very much the pop album.
[Music]
I wish you leave me
fall.
[Music]
Eyes on
your mind.
[Music]
Not a lot to say about Queen of Mets.
It's just like the pop album of pop
albums. Now, all the while throughout
these projects, I was working on fairy
tales in the background. And what Fairy
Tales was trying to do was me attempting
to return to EDM,
like the old EDM. And I just think it
didn't really fulfill that. I still like
Fairy Tales. I just don't think it
succeeded at being
something that feels like Super Pony
World, the original one, you know, and
we're so far gone from all this stuff
all all this time. M before that there
is this development which is like fil
further building on the ideas of Queen
of Misfits and embracing the sort of
deconstructed club and like bubblegum
electro pop stuffing
[Music]
the the sound from rest now little wolf
is just a vital patch.
Hold on. I'll open the project in the
background.
Okay, opening that now. Um,
so obviously there is something to do
with that. I mean, you know, I I my
average words per minute is 140 to 170.
So, um, anyway, Fairy Tales. So, Fairy
Tales was supposed to be a return to EDM
music, but the two problems were half of
this isn't even EDM, and the stuff that
is EDM still sounds very modern. It
sounds like um, you know, the music
that's been trending in the electronic
music space at this time. So, do it all
differently. There's not even a lick of
EDM in this. This is just a rock song.
be afraid of my shadow.
Now, Fairy Tales does have some of that
old school complex,
but there's a lot of granular modern
sound design in it. So, it doesn't
really succeed at being an old school
complex song truly graffiti. This is
just synth pop.
You don't have the essence of Sunnymore.
That was a good way of putting it.
There's no Skrillex phantoms in here.
So, you know, it's not like a true
sequel to Super Pony World just yet.
Like, this is not EDM. This is not even
EDM.
This is just rock music again.
The Colossus. I don't even know what you
would call this genre.
Sorry. It's some sort of electro pop
mixed with like OST MIDI music stuff.
Never Looking back. This is just a
[__] synth pop song.
Now, Street Rat attempts to promise to
be like some sort of old school stuff.
But
[Music]
I don't know, it just doesn't succeed at
being old sounding.
You know, and again, the main theme is
stuff that just doesn't sound exactly
like the old school EDM or music that
just isn't EDM at all. We go to Scape
Ghost. This is a rock song.
[Music]
Wave the Dodo. This is like a weird
industrial electro song.
[Music]
Hyperion is bass music, but it's very
modern sounding.
Hoof Prince is reminiscent of old stuff
but is very new sounding too.
Moving on to part two. It's just like I
think maybe our only true glimpse at at
the old stuff are these two songs here.
This feels potentially like old
progressive house stuff
and I was afraid of course
[Music]
but so much of this again just the same
things I've been talking about earlier.
Um just all all like different things.
Um
and then cutie marks was the thing. Hold
on. Let's let me talk about the really
quickly and then we'll go back back to
this history lesson or whatever. Rest
now little wolf project. Would you mind
uh loading? Thank you.
[Music]
Let me take off the master cuz it's
going to cause a bunch of latency
issues. And then let me turn on this.
Here's the here's the here's the
theramin.
This is it.
So it's basically a really really hard
pushed pulse wade pulse width square
wave going into a harsh
uh well not a harsh one but like a just
analog filter. We're playing it through
the filter and uh
[Music]
Now it has some effects on it. Let me
turn off the effects. Here's without the
effects.
[Music]
Um, I'm controlling the the pitch wobble
with my mod wheel like this.
[Music]
Um,
and the way I got it to sound
contextually the way it does is first
there's a really short convolution
reverb which makes it sound like this.
[Music]
And um that basically makes it sound
like it's in the room with you, but it's
like on the far side of a room. Then the
next part of it is this sketch cassette,
which adds some pretty hefty distortion,
[Music]
which might not come across apparently,
but it it warms up the sound. So it this
distortion is coming after the reverb
rather than before it. So it helps put
the dry signal and the wet signal in
sort of like the same distortion space.
Um and then I have this just this curve
here.
I was taking out this one frequency
because whenever I went to this note it
was a little bit too loud. Um the rest
of it just tone shaping. And so in
context it sounds like this.
Also,
[Music]
how many tracks is this song? I don't
even remember. Oh my god. Uh, rest now
little wolf is less than 100 tracks. Can
you guys believe it? Holy [__] We did
it.
deepest down
[Music]
cuz life is too short to go to sin.
What was it? Was it this this stuff
here?
Oh, no. It's this stuff. I I I'm a huge
fan of this part of this little thing.
I I really like this in the context
because it's just
[Music]
it really helps bring it from the loud
part into the quiet part again really
connect contextually
[Music]
and these are not are not real horns.
These are I play these on my piano.
[Music]
[Applause]
I've demonstrated this before, but in
case you need the demonstration again,
what I have for this setup is
it's a UVI workstation compatible horn
called Vhorns.
And
the way it works for me is I have it set
up so that you can't see this part, but
I have like a mod wheel that I can turn
up or down. And when I go up, that puts
breath inside the instrument. So,
and the other thing is is that when I
press a note and then press down more.
Oh, do I not have it mapped to this one?
Oh, no, I don't. I have it mapped to
this one.
So on this one, if I'm pressing a note
and then I press down more,
[Music]
it growls the it growls it for me. Um,
so
So, I'm playing the notes with my right
hoof and doing breath control
with the mod wheel. And whenever I want
it to grow, I just press harder on the
keyboard.
Oh, and when I'm doing there's also a
pitchbend wheel here, too. So
I'm controlling that and the mod wheel
at the same time to get, you know, more
dynamic effects like this.
So um that's how I do these horn
effects.
[Music]
This is just a melody stem by itself. So
there's this guitar
by itself. It's actually kind of scary
sounding.
It sounds kind of menacing.
There's obviously a narrative purpose
for that if but then you put it in
context.
[Applause]
[Music]
Let's say this layer is
some guitar stuff I did here.
And then what else down here?
[Music]
What's down here? Oh, I I duplicated the
theramin sound and I did them in
harmonies in the left and right channel.
[Music]
One note plays on the left side and one
note plays on the right side which helps
it to sound much wider.
And together that melody stem sounds
like this.
[Music]
And yes, the bass is mostly one note, I
think, for most of the song. Yeah, look
at this [__] bass note. It's just
this.
And the reason why I do this is because
that's how they do it in um in Afterglow
by Genesis. And the song is obviously
interpolating afterglow. But then you'll
notice that it does change here. And the
reason why is because this whole verse
section is supposed to is supposed to
feel like tension building. And then
when you get here, it just feels like
just a big release of all that tension.
And even if you're not paying attention
to the bass note, you can feel it
[Music]
no matter what.
And also I do have
an actual bass guitar playing underneath
it, but it's also just playing the same
one note.
Um, drums are
[Music]
like I explained before, I play these on
piano as well. I'll do the demonstration
again.
[Music]
So that was played on piano, etc., etc.,
etc.
Um,
[Music]
now there is there is there is a little
cheat that I do where this was inspired
very much by Swans is um there's an
entire drum track dedicated to just
symbols. So I have symbols in the in the
main drum track, but I have an entire
other drum kit dedicated to just playing
moments like these.
And I'm doing that on the keyboard, too.
I think I have my delay on now, but
uh All right.
So, doing stuff like that, it helps to
have a separate track for it because I
can, you know, contextualize it
differently from the main drum track.
Um, and the reason why I have that is
because in a lot of my other music, my
electronic music, I usually am doing a
lot of things to go from from one point
to another. And um, I can't do that with
like big like EDM sweeps and effects
sounds cuz this is a rock song, right?
So, in order to simulate that feeling
without resulting to, you know, cheapo
like electronic ideas in a place where
it doesn't really feel like it belongs,
I just tried to simulate that best I
could with symbols instead. You'll
notice that a lot on the album.
Um,
[Music]
another another little detail I like is
whenever I do one of these,
[Music]
these are some tremolo strings. This is
actually an Ableton
uh pack one that comes with sweet. and
just having that accent this this drop
here.
[Music]
Now, a big part of this is this section
here where it just grows and grows and
grows and grows.
[Applause]
Oh. Oh, let me increase my buffer size.
It's really scared.
Okay,
[Applause]
you notice how many more instruments
come in here compared to over here? And
that's because I just keep pushing it
and pushing it and pushing it.
What are these? Oh, these are fading in.
So this sound here
is basically fading in from the start
here. So you don't hear it at first, but
it fades in over time. And then um let's
see. We have this here.
[Music]
And I'm automating the volume with
uh the mod wheel, which we should be
able to see over here.
So, this is how it's able to sound loud
and then quiet cuz normally these are
just static strings.
Um, so I'm doing that with the mod wheel
on my keyboard. And then, so then
there's this. What does this sound?
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh, this is like a a melatron sound from
Omnisphere. Sounds like this.
[Applause]
Then over here there's this sound
which is another Melatron choir, the
Genesis kind
over here. What is this?
Oh, these are horns. So basically I play
these horns in tandem with each other to
sound like this,
which helps get that really low gritty
stuff
[Applause]
[Music]
up here. What do we have? Oh, I think
this is just going to be a super saw,
isn't it? Oh, no. No, it's one of these.
Just a basic saw.
What? What else is here that isn't in
the rest of the song?
Probably something in the bass section.
No, that's the same.
Uh, there's Oh, yes, there should be the
noise, right?
Yeah. So, then I added some guitar noise
layers like this.
[Music]
And that's supposed to sound completely
out of key with the song to make it
sound noisy and like scarier.
But when you hear it in the song, you
don't hear it as out of key as it is.
[Music]
And remember that symbol thing I was
talking about earlier? Well, I'm doing
it dynamically for the entire time here.
[Music]
That's why it feels like it's sweeping
in and out.
Let me just solo the melody stem really
quickly.
[Music]
Yeah, the missing element to this
buildup is the vocals because here's how
many vocals I recorded for this section.
Also, where is that coming from? I think
I forgot to show that stem. Oh, yeah.
There's this organ.
But here's how many vocals I recorded
for just this section.
[Music]
And that helps it sound pretty [__]
big.
Now, I've gotten a lot of questions
about why this album ends this way. Um,
first of all, because it's meant to be
open-ended, you're supposed to feel kind
of confusing and existential. You're
supposed to like feel like weird about
it. Even though the song sounds
confident and happy and like good in a
way, you're supposed to feel like it
just doesn't resolve properly cuz it
doesn't. But there's also a reason for
it musically cuz of course I think it's
pretty obvious that this ends on an
unresolved chord progression and so it
feels unsatisfying. But what you're
supposed to do with Monarch is do it
this way. Um have the album looping
when it gets here.
[Music]
It actually does not do it that that
well on on Spotify. Can we do a better
uh Apple Music, please?
[Music]
And you're supposed to let pass play out
a little bit.
[Music]
But but wait,
once it gets to this part,
then and you turn it down a little bit
and pause it. And the reason why that's
the way you're supposed to listen to
Monarch is because to me that is like um
simulating the experience of like
watching a movie with your friends.
Um whenever I watch a movie with my
friends, you know, the the credits music
starts rolling and you know, we don't
immediately stop the movie or whatever
cuz you know, it just stopped. And so
it's like you hear a bit of that outro
music, you hear a bit of the credits,
and then you like turn it down because
the movie's over, and then you pause it
because like no one's watching anymore.
That was the effect that I wanted to get
from listening to Monarch as you let the
intro of past play a little bit as if
those are the end credits and then you
like pause it and just that feeling of
like, you know, in the cycle of enjoying
this media that you like, you know,
that's what I wanted to get out of that.
Um, there is commentary about, you know,
the cyclical nature of abuse and like,
um, it being really open-ended and, um,
you know, stuff like that. That's all
meta commentary that I think is like
really important, too. Um, but musically
speaking, soundwise, that's what I
wanted out of the the ending,
you know? I don't I I I really love I
really love in between feeling moments
like that a lot.
Um, I've said before I focus really
intensely on the transitions between
songs, you know, down to the seconds.
Cuz
if I open the Monarch project,
uh, oh, spoiler alert. Uhoh, no one spo
no one. Look, this that's this why I
change. This is why I turn my screen off
when I'm going through my project files.
Anyway, um what you'll notice is that
when I'm arranging an album
is I am like very very precise on when
these things stop and start.
Um
So once the songs are all done, I bring
them into a project file and I time
everything. I make sure that everything
is is exactly spaced out how I want it
to.
literally down to milliseconds
sometimes.
So that's that. Um, go back to, you
know, before Monarch of Monsters,
after Fairy Tales, I was like, you know,
Sophie, Sophie Zeon passed away. And
that was a very, very, very significant
thing for me because she had been so
important to me as an artist, as a
person, you know, as a creative of any
kind. And that's when I got [__] fed
up with so much [__] I was going
through so much, you know, I lost my
home. Uh, I had gone through like a
pretty significant breakup. Uh, I was
like stuck at a job I didn't really want
to be at and like everything was just
kind of sucking ass. Um, and so I made
Cutie Marks and Cutie Marks was supposed
to be a I don't give a [__] [__]
about anything album anymore.
So
this consistent rise built up, you know,
all this time. Cutie Marks was just a
slam dunk on it. like I don't give a
[__] about anything anymore type [__]
Um, which is partially why it sounds
that way cuz you can hear the slow
progression of everything, you know,
going up there. And then cutie marks
just is completely out of left field in
every way whatsoever. It does start out
with a familiar sound of like the
ambient stuff and the broep stuff, but
then Bonnie happens
[Music]
and no one had ever heard anyone like
any anything like this from me before.
[Music]
Right.
I had to remember that where we start
this journey,
it is with [__] like this.
[Music]
And it wasn't like it was from here to
rock. I like meandered in so many
different directions. And then all of a
sudden, you know, we hit Bonnie. Then
Antinymph is, you know, going from
Bonnie
to Antinv.
It's like, okay,
some random ass dance pop music and then
here comes the
leing ponies with weapon [__]
And then suddenly
I'm making like spy music for no reason.
That wayfairer is just a [__]
[Music]
Then out to like here
and especially this part.
[Music]
just throughout this album you hear so
many things I just hadn't released
before. We go into this regaton mumbaton
mumba core type music.
[Music]
and then like hybrid trap emo rock
electro pop music
[Music]
and then kind of more of that pop punk
stuff here all of a sudden
[Music]
it's like a phobia is actually a 2017
song so it doesn't really count
But it still sounds different from
everything else here. Harper is like
some, you know, another electroop thing.
[Music]
How to Kill a Monster is like
progressive rock but mixed with like
weird like just electronic elements.
[Music]
Imitation Game is like your last moment
to have anything normal.
And then Honeymoon Phase is like
weird like glitch hop bass music with
like elements of chamber pop.
Don't know where to begin.
And then I hit you with the famous thing
that goes into City of the Silence.
[Music]
And then you get to Seabbound, which
does the thing that I call a carousel
switch. You know, anyone who knows my
music probably understand why I call it
that.
The idea is that, you know, this entire
like facade is built up narratively from
track one all the way to track 16 starts
to get broken down with 17 sounding so
different. And then, you know, Seabbound
sort of reveals the purpose of this
entire album, the underbelly of it, like
the truth of it. And the thing is is
that's become one of my favorite things
to do with these albums is the carousel
switch. um is throughout the album
there's one narrative and then there's a
secondary narrative lying underneath
that you have to reach first. Um, and
then the kid that kept the kid who kept
running kind of wraps up that carousel
switch, you know, in this feeling.
Now, the carousel switch wouldn't happen
for Fish Whisperer. Fish Whisperer is
pretty consistent. Um, but after Cutie
Marks, basically what happened was,
um, you have to understand my mindset
for some of this stuff. A lot of the
music in Cutie Marks is stuff that I
have been practicing and enjoying for
years, but just stuff I never released,
if that makes sense. You know, a lot
I've listened to every I listen to all
kinds of music. I love all kinds of
music. And in the background, I'm always
practicing different ideas. I have so
many demos. Um, sometimes I will be
putting out I I will be making four four
to five demos a week of new songs. Uh,
and this has been the case for years. I
I sort of have have kept up this pace
for a very long time. Most of those
demos people don't get to hear because
it's just me practicing and trying out
different ideas. Um,
and it's like I I I have been putting
together these things in the background
and learning from them and studying
different ideas, different genres,
different cultures, different artists,
you know, all the stuff is often brewing
in the background. And so with Mystic
Acoustics, you know, back in 2017, I
tried very hard to, you know, apply my
knowledge and to make a keystone album,
something that was very significant and
tested all my abilities up to that
point. Cutie Marks. Uh, well, I I did
Mystic Acoustics. I locked in for Mystic
Acoustics because my audience had gotten
big enough. And then with Cutie Marks,
the listener base to my music
skyrocketed. It it it exploded. And that
was when I realized, okay, it's time to
actually lock in again. You know, like a
lot of this stuff had been very much
like hobby work and just, you know, me
playing around and having fun. And like
I still love to do that and I think that
having fun and playing should be a big
aim for creating art and music. But
after Cutie Marks, I was like no more
like fooling around though. No more
trying to test like what people will
accept and won't accept. I'm going to
just make the best art that I can. No
more cutting corners. No more whatever.
That that that is what Cutie Marks did.
And what's funny about Kitty Marks is
that it was hardly a perfectionist
album. This album is mixed like dog [__]
if we're being completely honest. Cuz I
wasn't trying very hard with the mixing.
Um what I was trying hard with this was
experimentation and like songwriting was
the big focus, but mixing and mastering
like no no no this album is not very
well engineered.
I mean, I didn't know how to get all
these sounds to sound consistent with
each other yet. That was something I
would explore more. In the meantime,
the the the critical reception of Cutie
Marks was very negative at the time. For
people who listen to my music normally,
you know, everyone really liked it. For
people on, you know, this this was my
exposure to rate your music and album of
the year and stuff. And it was initially
very poorly received on those websites.
And that like would took a did a big
blow to my confidence and also increased
my desire to be more per perfectionist.
Um
so my answer was Fish Whisperer. Fish
Whisper was I'm going to like clinically
test the kind of stuff that these people
like and make an album that they'll
like. And it worked because again these
people are very predictable. Um, but it
was also something I wanted to do anyway
because the thing is is like I have been
wanting to make progressive rock music
since I was a kid. Since before all of
this stuff, you know, I did I started
doing electronic music because there was
a wider there was a less of a barrier of
entry. People share a lot more resources
about electronic music and are far far
more willing to help you learn than I've
I've seen like in a lot of the rock
spaces that I would have wanted to be in
when I was younger. But, you know,
starting with Fish Whisper, I was like,
"Okay, I'm now going to work backwards
and try and make the music that I wanted
to when I was younger than when I was
Violet Pony."
And so, Fish Whisper was the first foray
into doing that. It's like, the time has
come for me to experiment with that
stuff because the audience is here.
People are starting to trust my
narratives and my ideas, and so I'm
going to try this. and Fish Whisperer,
you know, was taking what I knew about
everything so far and my goal with it
was to make the most consistent
and the most progressive album I had
done so far. So,
[Music]
And you know,
classic classic characters in here.
until
so
[Music]
I just can'tain
it.
[Music]
Dude, the whole the whole thing with
fish whisper is the variety of of like
the variety of genres is not nearly as
varied as like my projects before.
Instead, that variety is traded out for
consistency and like trying to create
like the most cohesive thing possible.
The sound pallet of Fish Whisper is
primarily just glitch pop, folk, and
like rock music essentially. Um, and
trying to do so in a very like in an
underwater glitchy sort of bubbly
atmosphere. That was the thesis
musically. Um,
and so Fish Whisper, while being, I
think, the most consistent and coherent,
is also the album that I feel is just
not as exciting as it could be purely
because of how consistent it is. Purely
because of how co coherent it is. And I
think that was a good experiment for me
because I learned that when I want
something to feel explosive and
exciting, I just can't do it the Fish
Whisperer style, you know? Um, and so
that's what led me into doing Carousel.
Um,
with Carousel, I wanted to focus the
most on atmosphere and narrative and
writing the most. And this is where the
carousel switch was born as well.
Testing it out in Cutie Marks. You know,
obviously carousel, you know, the you
know the thing by now. It sounds super
cheery and nostalgic at the start, but
really there's a deeper, darker thing
brewing underneath.
And curiously,
you know, we've talked about it with
Cutie Marks and Fairy Tales, a little
bit of glitter and and Homeward. There's
a little bit of foray into EDM and
Carousel really really brings it back
with with Pony Rock especially.
[Music]
like this.
This is
finally
EDM
as it were. This is like a EDM with a
big big capital E.
And
there's something really interesting
about that in the context of Carousel
because Carousel partially criticizes
nostalgia as an idea, you know. Um, and
yet here we are indulging it. But the
idea is that the album starts out as
nostalgic as possible and as we move
towards Carry and Child that starts to
become unrecognizable, twisted, weird.
Um,
these first two songs are super faithful
to the ideas I was trying to articulate
at the time. Then Constellation Cradle
hits you with the first curveball and
that's this intro.
This doesn't sound like probably
anything most people have heard before
because it's really weird, offkilter,
experimental,
glitchy, textural, and and you're meant
to hear this after the first two songs,
be like, "That doesn't even sound like
it's in theme to anything. That sounds
like it has nothing to do with this
album."
And then
then we go to the the recognizable
Glitch Hop part and it's like, "Okay,
we're back now. We're we're we're back
to this nostalgia EDM stuff. Okay, here
we are.
And then yeah, we get the cabaret thing
and it's like this feels out of place,
too. But narratively, it's like, well, I
guess we're at a carousel, so it's like
whatever. And then we get to Brohoof,
and Brohof starts with this [__]
insane noise.
which is just like, okay, why did that
happen?
This is now nostalgic, but in the wrong
direction. This has nothing to do with
EDM. This is near Jack Swing music.
But there's little little twinges of
EDM. You hear like occasional growls,
weird like vocal glitches, and it's like
you're it's supposed to confuse you.
It's
like it's a do jack swing song, but it
just heard a [__] yoy sound, you
know? Supposed to make you feel weird.
And then bass cannon
is is where I'm trying really hard to
like push this idea that everything's
really weird now because
that sounds like nothing from the rest
of the album now. and and we don't
return to anything familiar because the
next part is just Bosan Nova
and you're like why why are we doing
Bosanova all of a sudden and
then it tears you out and does whatever
this is
and you notice that there when when
there's a groove happening. I tear it
away. So like you feel you feel the beat
happening with this drop and then I also
take it away so you like try and feel it
intuitively but the beat's no longer
there and stuff. You know, it's this
descent into all this like weird
experimentation and now we're like in a
place unrecognizable from where we
started
and then the carousel switch where I hit
you with caring child blah blah blah
blah. We know how this goes.
We get into like progressive rock here
stuff. Some alternative metal
in Hush. You start with this like
deconstructed club thing. This
industrial hip hop whatever.
Get into the utopian virtual section.
I'm trying a lot of new things for me in
this section of the album, but I'm also
trying to make everything feel still
consistent with the next thing and the
thing before it.
Like you can really tell that after
cutie marks I quote unquote started
trying. Not that I wasn't trying before,
but when after cutie marks there were
stakes now like I had to prove myself. I
I felt like I couldn't continue on with
with how things were um in terms of like
quality and like ambition and you know
doing stuff that really matters and
writing writing stuff that really
mattered to me. And so really you start
to hear me do all this stuff here
pushing different narratives you know
trying out different characters and blah
blah blah blah blah. Um until eventually
you know we get into just a full-blown
rock album. This is like postgrunge
weird noise shoe gaze stuff.
We have this section
in Futura. It's like more folky
and then Creek Flow of course.
[Music]
And again to remind you of where we came
from, we started here
[Music]
at the place.
That's where I came from. Um,
and then after Carousel,
after Carousel is when I started to work
on on Love and Pony Step
and Monarch.
You might be like confused for a second
like what do you mean Love and Pony
Step? That's the album coming out right
now. But that is what I started working
on. The original working title for Love
and Pony Step was just Love and Broep
instead. Um,
and um, as I was working on both ideas,
Monarch took control. That was like the
one that mattered more in the moment
based out. Um, not right now, tomorrow.
It's coming out tomorrow. Um,
but, um, sorry, that threw me off.
Uh,
I started working on both of those
albums, but Monarch became the precedent
based on the stuff that I was
experiencing the most, you know. Um, and
working on Monarch, as you might
imagine, was grueling and really hard on
me. It was like emotionally tore me
apart to work on that album. several
times I I still had the desire to make
music, but I I couldn't keep working on
on Monarch constantly. So, I would take
the way I would take breaks from Monarch
is I would work on a different album.
Uh so,
um I was trying to work on Love and Pony
Step, but I couldn't I didn't feel
anywhere with it yet. Um, but in the
process I started working on Paradise
Valley, which you know also hits you
with a with a a carousel switch sort of
a lot of this album. This is less of a
concept album and more of like a
collection of ideas in the same style.
Um,
I had really wanted to do more like, you
know, cloud rap trap stuff just cuz it
was like I felt like I could bring a
really ethereal aspect to it, mix it
with things that people had come to know
me for.
And so Paradise Valley was was kind of
that experiment. I took a break from
Monarch to work on it and did stuff like
this.
[Music]
Folky,
more of that cod rap trap stuff
ambient thing.
There's this one.
paint bucket.
And the the carousel switch here is this
is Paradise Valley where we move
completely away from the sonic palette
built up here and we go into dubstep.
[Music]
And this is the only song on the album
that feels kind of not I I won't say
negative cuz some of the songs on here
are quite negative too, but this one
feels like existential and sort of like
empty emotionally.
[Music]
And the purpose of the carousel switch
here is to to build you up for brother.
Are you proud of me? which of course is
one of the main reasons I wrote this
album.
So there's that. Um then I kept working
on Monarch some more and that just hurt
my soul more.
I was trying and trying and trying and
as much as I was doing for the album, it
just tore me to pieces. And that's when
I was like, what if I made a companion
album to Love and Pony Step? the album
that I haven't even finished yet, but it
was like wizard themed and [__] cuz I
think that would be super cool. And so
that's when I conceptualized the girls
who are wizards.
And
this is like the canon event. You know,
Monarch is not the canon event. Girls
Who Are Wizards is because we've got
I've gone through the whole discoraphy
relatively now, right? I've shown you
this progression and there's little
blips here and there of like EDM trying
to pop out, right?
And finally,
it's like here. The thing is, Fairy
Tales was an attempt, but half of it is
an EDM, and half of the EDM on it isn't
even like old school EDM. Um, Super Pony
World, the original one, was trying to
do the EDM I was doing before, but it
just half of it was an EDM, and the EDM
that it was just was completely in one
direction. And so despite how much
electronic music I've released,
Girls Who Are Wizards is like the first
capital E EDM album. And it's crazy
because so much of the stuff is EDM
influenced or electronic music or
something that you would think somehow
there would be an EDM only album
somewhere, but there just isn't.
after 12 this Girls to Wizards came out
12 years after my first release as
Violet Pony and there just wasn't an EDM
100% backtoback EDM album.
It's insane to me cuz we've gone through
this journey to see how much of it I was
trying to do or making. So, Girls Who
are Wizards finally finds the plot
again.
[Music]
complex to start. Big room house.
And I I I got this I saw this one
comment someone left at one point. They
was like, "I can't believe Violet was
able to create such accurate big room
house music. It's crazy cuz it's like
there must be some great tutorials out
there." And in my mind, I'm like, "You
bitch."
2014. I was there.
I was there when it was written.
I was there when big room was the thing.
I was making big room when big room was
the thing. Don't doubt my history.
Uh Cra's back. We got our [__] broep
rhythm.
We got our Mumba core.
[Music]
We got our house music. And we got our
big fat capital B bro song.
And I think anyone who's been listening
to my music for the 10 years that I've
been listen that I've been making music,
this is the song that I think
this is the song that I think made them
have their [__] like Anton ego
moment.
We have my fun fact about this song.
reflected in the eyes of the cavern
lurker actually samples
a song I wrote when I was 10
10 or 11 I don't remember which
um
nothing that's ever been released but it
does sample it
we get our [__] glitch hop song
then we get our second glitch hop
Then we get our progressive house
complex song.
We get our # drumstep song.
We get our futurebase dubstep song.
[Music]
And of course we have the progressive
house finale.
And so basically it's like after 10
years, 12 years,
I finally did the thing I wanted to do
when I first started making music at
Xyla Pony. That was like the most
fulfilling thing to me in this entire
discoraphy thus far was being like this
is this is the album I wanted to make in
2012. I wasn't good enough yet. I
finally did it.
That part of me was now fulfilled.
It's done. I don't have to
worry about having gone my entire life
without having done it. That was really
important to me. And so, what was the
other thing that was left unfulfilled?
Well, before Violet Pony, I wanted to
make progressive rock music. So, what
was the next natural step but to follow
up the capital EDM album with a
progressive rock album?
I had learned enough in the background
all this time to make this album
and so I did it.
[Music]
Well, a lot of this isn't progressive
rock music, but it is still a
progressive rock album.
God, I love Genesis makes Princess Cook,
you know,
[Music]
I want pray kaku.
You know,
so
after Monarch, I had done the
progressive of rock album I had wanted
to do since I was a child. Girls Who are
Wizards. I had done the EDM album I
wanted to do since I was a child. And
like those were the two main things I
feel like I'd been training my entire
career to do was Girls Who are Wizards
and Monarch of Monsters. And I released
them back to back.
And so
what's left?
That was that was the question I was
asking once we hit, you know, time to do
Love and Pony Step.
And
this is like really kind of an emotional
arc for me, but you know, I've been
through I'd been through a lot in the
process of finishing Girls for Wizards
and and finishing Monarch of Monsters.
Um I won't get too much into it, but you
know, I'd be [__] up my relationships
quite a bit. So,
um,
been through a lot of major changes over
the period of of this time. And with
Love and Pony Step, it was like it feels
like
starting with Cutie Marks, I had been
trying really hard to address different,
you know, unexamined issues in my life,
you know. Um,
Cutie Marks and Queen of Misfits is the
woe is me, Monarch is the woe is they,
everyone I've hurt, you know, Girls Who
are Wizards fulfilling, you know, the
thing I wanted to do as a kid.
Um, Carousel making commentary about a
lot of different philosophical artistic
ideas
um, and needing to fulfill that within
myself.
And really when it came to making Love
and Pony step, it was like, how do I
end?
How do I tie up
everything since Cutie Marks?
Which is why this is called the end of
an era era because basically
the Violet Pony that began with Cutie
Marks, the Violet Pony that happened
with Cutie Marks, you know, needs to
move on.
And so like Love and Pony Step is that
bookend to what started with Cutie Marks
and wrapping up like the last few things
that I hadn't properly examined in my
music.
Um,
and so Love and Pony Step is a lot of
things. It is of course broep. I I've
seen some people worry that it's not a
Brostep album. Uh, it is. Don't worry
about it. Um, with Quick Scope and Web
Punk, I wanted to release the simpler,
more accessible songs. Um, the album's
nuts.
Uh, if you could I I wonder where people
think my most chaotic album is because
it will not even hold a candle to what
Love and Pony Step is.
Um,
but
yeah, so all that to say over the course
of 2 hours, yes, I used to make brostep
music and I've always made bro step
music. Thank you for listening.
That question was asked like 2 hours
ago. I don't even know if that person's
here anymore.
Oh, no. I'm staying as Violet Pony.
Violet Pony forever.
Um, I just like
I want to start doing
the albums I've been looking forward to
for a while. Cutie Marks through Love
and Pony Stuff have all been like side
quests, you know?
Yeah, I've basically been talking for
two hours about my entire discoraphy and
how I arrived here because
um someone was like, "Damn, I didn't
know you made dubstep."
And I was like, well, I have a loaded
answer to that.
Um,
yeah. So, chat out. Uh, also,
just for fun, um, I've been working on
this.
I think we're talking a little bit or a
lot of bit a stream or two or three ago
about like the lore of my [__]
and um I tried to clean things up and
make it a little bit more
make sense.
So, um I think I have decided on the
title for all of my lore
cuz obviously Starship Ponyville
encapsulates
a lot of what goes on in Feather Danc's
world here.
Um but I think that
to include things like Monarch, to
include things like Our Light and After,
to include um basically everything
related to my stories. Um,
Starship Ponyville is, you know, a
subordinate title for what I think I
want to call way farer
or the galactic legacy of all creatures.
So,
Wayf Farer is my my universe of of like
stories and characters that all
interconnect with each other.
Um,
and the reason why Wayfairer is because
in order to connect to all these worlds,
you have to be a wayfairer. I'll get to
that. Well, let's start here. The
entirety of my lore starts in the origin
world. Everyone who knows Monarch will
know about the origin world. The origin
world was the first and only universe at
the beginning of time. And then when
that universe ended, it's it fractured
into a million infinite other universes
in the event called the fracture.
Um, and this
needs to go away and that needs to go
away. Um, and so basically everything
starts with the origin world. Origin
world gets deleted, fracture happens,
and then there's basically an infinite
amount of universes
from here. And each version of the
universe, each each different universe
um can have different like physics can
have different like things about it. Um
and um there's a lot of similarities
between each universes. You can usually
count on um if there's a character, a
person in one universe, they probably
there's like a 50-50 chance that a type
of version of that person exists in
another universe. But the one thing
that's consistent 100% of the time is
that each universe has someone some
variance of Violet
Vle T. Um
and the first one obviously is Violet
Cyprus from the origin world as wolf.
Um but
um there's like a violet in each
universe and each each world tends to be
named after the violet that occupies it.
So obviously Monarch brings us to
Cypress's world.
A lot of the story is in Feather Dance's
world.
So, Violet Feather Dance, Violet Cyprus,
Carousel is Violet Lulle Moon.
Um,
and there are parallel worlds to Feather
Dance's world, Fairy Tale, and Uni
Terra. These do not contain violets
because they are not a different
universe from this one.
Uh there's obviously other worlds that
are less studied and will be cataloged
in the future. Um one of them is as a
violet comet world.
And then the locust exists outside of
all of these things. It is completely
independent,
but you can use a locust room or a
locust mirror to access any of the other
worlds in some capacity. Arya and the
shadows all have the ability to create a
locust mirror. A locust room is like a
permanent fixture. So, it it stays
permanently on both ends of the like of
of the bridge between the locust and
another world or a world and another
world. A mirror is a temporary thing
usually created by magic or whatever.
Um,
and so that's how you read this chart
first and foremostly.
If it has like if it's super circular,
that's not really like a place. That's
sort of a condition or an event. So you
can read the mostly the rectangular ones
as being
a place.
So I'll let you look at that for a
second.
When did I decide that I wanted the
majority of my music to be connected in
between them? Um, 2012.
This has been something I've been
working towards for a long time.
So,
I'll get to that stuff in a minute. So,
origin world,
the native beings are that that we know
that that the audience will know are
Arya and Cadenza.
Places that you know are well, that's
not true. That's just I'll just put
this. I didn't I'm still editing this,
but um I don't have any names of places
in Origin World published at the moment.
Um and the only media currently that
exists that relates to Origin World is
Monarch of Monsters. It explains it a
little bit in the in the novella.
The Locust, the Shadows, Cadence, and
every resting soul in every from every
universe
places. The Locust is sort of just
infinite and forever media that relates
to the Locust, Monarch of Monsters, and
the comic series that I do.
And then it gets a little bit more
complicated once we go down here. So
Cypress's world is Wolf's world related
to Monarch of Monsters primarily.
Lulleoon's world, the Sapphire Torrent
world. Violet Lulleoon and Creek are
from there. The place, the primary place
is just the carousel version of
Equestria. And what relates to it is
Carousel comic series. And the song
Where Do We Begin? takes place also in
Lulle Moon's world.
Feather Danc's world is the main one.
And this this Feather Danc's world is
basically the G4 MLP universe
almost verbatim one to one.
So
characters in Feather Dance native to
Feather Danc's world Saturn Spectre
Violet Feather Dance Raina Cany Kenneth
and others
G4 locations are canon Lumier Sha Norfay
Creature City after the load star and
others. I'll explain that in a second.
and media that relates to Feather Danc's
world of Twilight, Silence and
Ponyville, Horse Friends, Control
Freaks, Mystic Acoustics, Homers,
Promise Comics, Love Letters, Colorless,
Fish Whisperer, Comic Series, Top Five
Videos, Love and Pony Step, and others.
This is Feather Danc's world is like the
main one cuz it is the the G4 MLP world
um with an asterisk.
There's an asterisk about that. Fairy
Tale is a parallel world to Feather
Dance. So, it exists in tandem or
subordinate to Feather Dance's world as
a little pocket dimension. Essentially,
the simulation world parallel to Feather
Danc's world. Native beings, Herfos,
Hyperion, Magical, Respawn, Stinkle Bug,
Snowies, Oia, Vvin, Udo, and others.
Places Colossus, Meridian, Dream Stage,
Oia, Big Room, Dubville, Creature City,
and Swag Mountain. media that relates to
fairy tale, super porny world is rail
simulation, the super corny world, fairy
tales and girls who are wizards.
Uni, the hourlight and after world
parallel also in the same way that fairy
tale is. The difference between these
two is fairy tale is manufactured. It is
like synthetic whereas unerra exists
naturally.
Um, basically just Stella and Kai are
native to it. Places Equestria the Light
and After version and Uni Terra. The
main media that relates to to it right
now is is our light and after
Violet Comet's world is
the main information you need to know
about it right now is that Violet Comet
comes from there who you have not met
yet. And Angel Tiberius or Crunkard
Tiberius comes from Comet's world.
And the asterisk for Feather Danc's
world being G4 canon is
The Last Problem is not considered canon
to Wayfairer, while Equestria Girls is
only considered partially canon, if that
makes sense.
Um,
and yes, uh, I'm I'm basically saying
where everyone's from originally.
But uh also I forgot to put how could I
forget
top five videos and dubstep growl. Oh,
I'll just put just shorten this to vid
and dub.
Anyway, still editing this. Um,
and the thing that I think will help
people the most is not actually this
graph, but this graph. So this explains
what exactly is going on with these with
these words, universe, world, and realm.
So the locust is exempt to all of this.
It exists completely outside of all of
this. The material realms, many worlds,
material plains, etc. is basically a
reference to everything that isn't in
the locust. They contain it contains all
possible universes, etc. Um, and one
universe of these many realms looks like
this, where it's one world and parallel
worlds stacked on top of it
dimensionally.
Um, and a universe is a collection of
worlds and realms
as such. Um, and a realm is basically a
physical slice of that world contained
by um, basically it it's it's decided
through influence. So
a planetary realm for example is a
civilization that is expanded across its
planet or two or more civilizations that
are in contact with each other within
their own solar system asteroid belt
rogue planets etc. So a planetary a
planetary realm is basically hey um
we're deciding that this place is a
realm because there's a civilization
here and they only exist on one planet
or something if that makes sense.
Whereas a galactic realm is the
influence has increased to being across
the galaxy. Whether it's because a
civilization expanded throughout the
galaxy or two or more civilizations are
all in contact and their influence
cumulative cumulatively extends
throughout the galaxy. So then there's
the intergalactic one which is just
between the same idea between these two
but multiple galaxies and such. So a
realm is just a a little cutout of a
world.
So right now, if we were to put this in
our terms, um our realm in in the real
world, Earth, the human realm, is just
contained to our solar system because
our influence hasn't really extended
beyond the solar system.
If that makes sense. If we were to meet
aliens from the next star system over,
then the realm would expand to our solar
system and their solar system. That
would be the new realm.
So we have a we we personally everyone
here we live in a planetary realm
because it's limited only to the solar
system. Galactic realm is across a
galaxy. Intergalactic realm is across
multiple galaxies etc etc. So this
should hopefully explain
what these [__] words mean.
So the material realms is a collection
of universes. A universe is a collection
of a world in its parallel worlds. And a
world is a collection of realms and
physical space.
I'll publish this all eventually so you
can all re reference it. But I need to
expand it and do explanations of
everything because I haven't I haven't
done the explanation as to why these all
connect with each other.
But yeah,
does this count to study? Maybe go to
Violet Pony School or something.
Hold on. I have ice.
There's our highest team
Pony Community College.
The Locust University. There's Locust
High School hole.
Yeah.
Cracking open a cold one with the rose.
Who's your go-to artist right now?
I have the last FM.
Apparently it's Djon.
Allegedly.
Here's my current whatever. I was
listening a lot to Love and Pony Stub
today. Here is Lil Wayne,
uh, Kesha, One of Us, the Social Club,
Blade, Sora,
Echo 2K, um, Black Cray.
I listened to this chat album for the
first time.
Djon, I like this album. I found it
recently.
Uh, Melt Banana, Brave Little Abocacus,
that Ule album I listened to for the
first time, LCD Sound System, Burial,
Kelly Clarkson, Michelle Branch,
Burial. Honestly, probably Burial is
probably a good a good litmus. I I
listen to a lot of Burial.
One of my top albums on my last FM. I
don't scribble everything, but
just when I remember to. I mean, these
are these are my top albums currently.
Uh, did I start scrubbing kind of
recently? Oh, yeah, like a year or two
ago. And also, I don't scrabble any
everything.
It's mostly just if I'm listening on
like Spotify or something
and like I use uh Apple Music for a lot
of stuff.
This isn't even like if you want to see
my topster, it's actually on my website.
I don't know how well you can see see
that but discuss
probably very hard to see
the bottom is so
Yeah, it is ranked. It is ranked by
color. Yeah. I didn't listen to the new
Adrian Linker album.
We'll see if the Delta soundtrack takes
over Undertale.
Yeah, Swans.
For those who don't know, I have every
single Swans album on vinyl and CD.
Hold on. See if I can get the photo.
Where are my photos? Here's the thing.
Okay. Brad Taste. Yeah, I know. I know.
Load star jump scare.
That was not load star.
Wait, why is that cropped incorrectly,
man? I don't know. Oh, because Oh,
because it's on the screen. That's why.
There we go.
What's the best physical swans copy to
have? I don't know.
Oh, let me get up the photo first.
Still scrolling. Favorite drain album.
It's between uh ear or 333.
Yeah, sizzy.
Start going through my photos.
Where the [__]
are they?
Oh, here we go.
Okay, here's my dork ass photos.
On the left are my vinyls. On the right
are CDs and one DVD.
there. I also have a live was it live
rope and uh birthing that's not in these
photos.
Yeah, it's it's every mainland swans
album. The only thing that I don't have
are like live albums and like some of
the uh fundraiser albums and singles and
stuff.
And even then I do have uh deloquesting
or deloquestants. This song is
delicquesting.
And some of these are like duplicates
cuz it's like I have like two versions
of filth technically.
I still haven't listened to the new
Swans album. I'm very intimidated by it,
but I will listen to it at some point.
Oh yeah, that is like everyone's album.
Oh, Michael Gear is right behind me,
isn't he? Anyway,
115 minutes. Yeah,
I mean, my favorite of theirs is The
Glowing Man, and that's like no simple
listen.
But my go-to artist
is again probably just Burial. I I
listen to a lot of Burial.
I have no idea how I'm supposed to get
this on. Yeah, that's hard.
It's not the easiest thing.
It's okay.
I was like, [__] man. the weather here.
At least the estimates are going down,
but
um
I'm going to have to do like 95 to 100
uh no AC
for like the next week, which is going
to be really nice and fun.
I like what was the way I think we did I
think we did like in 2021 we had like
113 to 120 20 in Portland and I lived
but I didn't like it. It [__] sucks.
No AC. No AC, man. It's worse than you
think cuz the insulation here is so
[__] So it it'll be like when it cools
down outside it just won't be cool in
here for another like 2 days. So
yeah, no AC. It's kind of crazy in the
era of um
in the era of global warming, climate
change rather.
There are windows, but it's like that
lets in the hot air.
Um, it's also hard to get a portable AC.
It's hard to explain. Just the hardware
is really bad.
It's funny cuz I'm from California. You
think I could handle heat, but I really
[__] hate the heat. It didn't get
hot. I'm from the Bay Area. It doesn't
get hot there.
I'm going to try and get an AC of some
variety, but I don't know how well it's
going to work because I have like no
room for it. And uh I sleep during the
day and that's the way things are. If I
have an AC that's going out the window,
it's going to like
uh it's going to have my wind my like
blinds open. So, I have to figure out a
way to black out my windows so I can
sleep.
That's a task. That's a whole ass task.
Also, everything is covered in power
strips and I can't plug an AC into a
power strip.
Yeah, I know portable ACs are like
inefficient, but like I'm telling you
right now, it's going to be better than
nothing.
All I need is enough to sleep. That's
all.
That is like all I care about.
Isn't the summer like the hottest on
record? Not in Portland,
but maybe worldwide potentially.
This this summer seems pretty cool
compared to other summers, except I
still hate it anyway.
At least in Portland.
Well, I hope I could get a portable AC.
I I'm tired of I've been dealing with
this for almost 6 years.
This will be my
fifth summer in Portland.
2021 Portland summer was the worst one
by far. But
I was going to like play I was going to
do gaming, but I've just been talking
this whole time.
Oh, Luna is good. Yeah. Do you like
Portland? Yeah, except in the summer.
Really? Portland is fine except for the
summer.
Yeah. I mean, Portland's chill, so a lot
of people have been moving here.
I think it's really funny. There's like
a It's like It's like a conservative
Republican talking point to like talk
about how bad Portland is. Like, oh,
look what Antifa blah blah blah is doing
here. Oh, look at like the leftists.
Look what they're doing. They're
trashing the city. And it's like if you
come to Portland, just like it's like
fine.
That's like the funniest thing about it
is like on the news and in social media
they're going to be look how [__]
terrible Portland is. The leftists are
trashing it. And then you come here it's
like I barely see that at all.
Everything's like literally fine.
Their their main talking point is like
people are doing drugs on the street.
That's crazy. There's like people who
are living in tents. That's crazy. I
can't believe the leftists would do
this. So it's like go to any major city
and that's like really normal.
It's like what? It's like what? And like
no none of these these people don't
bother you. That's the that's the crazy
thing is like I I see these posts from
like people being like oh my god I had
to walk by someone doing drugs on the
street. It's like okay [__] Like
you're have you had like a real struggle
ever?
That's like my first thought. Like, have
you ever dealt with something before?
Like, if that's like the thing that
scares you the most, then like I would
love to be you. I would love to have the
privileged life that that's like the
thing I worry about the most.
People are like stealing stuff from
stores. Yeah, that's like a thing that's
been happening since civilized society
started happening. It's like the It's
really funny. Like, what point are you
trying to make? People steal [__]
Relax.
It's not even a big deal.
So, so that is to say, I like Portland a
lot. It's great. People talk weird about
it. You know, they have ulterior
motives. Portland's not perfect, but
like [__] I've
It's fine for me.
Yeah. I can't believe they're doing
drugs on the street. They go [__]
like down 10 shots at the bar and then
like drunk drive into like another
person.
It's like really true. Like, yeah, well,
I'm doing it the civilized way, quote
unquote. Like, yeah, man. Okay.
Person who's never left the suburbs
voice. There was a hot dog stand on the
corner. How horrible.
I I wonder what these people think of
food trucks. I'm so curious.
Oh my god, that's so unsanitary.
You guys are cooking in a truck.
Yes, it's a truck. It's like a a Ford
F-150. They're cooking it in a Ford
F-150.
Wait, should we start doing that? Violet
Burger out of a Ford F-150.
Wait, Creek Burger.
Creek Flover.
No, Creek Burger.
Cars and trucks and cars and trucks.
They're Yeah, they're like, "Oh my the
[__] Oh my god, there's like crime in
the city. This is like such a dystopia."
Like actually there's like 10 people who
have like most of the world's wealth,
but that's not the thing that you find
dystopian. But like whatever.
Craig Bitter has got to be better than
Beastburger.
Does Mr. Beastburgger still exist?
Here's a question I have.
Craig Bers and Ronuts. We are literally
just saying [__] now.
Literally just saying [__] in here.
I do love saying [__] with you guys
though.
He sold it, did he?
Hold on. Okay, let's do this.
Mr. Beastburger
Well, on
what the [__] It has one. Mr.
Beastburgger is an American virtual
restaurant founded and developed by
internet personality Mr. Beast in
partnership with a virtual dining
concepts.
2,000 virtual restaurants, one physical
restaurant. What the hell?
One physical restaurant.
Holy [__] they're in Sweden.
Holy [__] they're in the Philippines.
What the hell?
The only Asian country that Mr. Beast is
in is in the Philippines. What? Do you
see this?
This is nuts. This is nuts.
Benefit to struggling restaurants.
Lawsuit 2023.
Oh, the lawsuit is not
concluded yet.
Creek burger special. Bun bun bun bun
bun. 800 pork chops. pork chops, A&W
root beer, pepper jack cheese, lettuce
bun.
No, in Sweden, but no other Scandinavian
country. Ah, you know, because it's just
it's just like the
Finland and Norway are sort of just
optional if you think about it.
At least that's what their thinking is.
It's a good place to eat when the
lawsuit is on the Wikipedia page and
they've only existed for like a few
years. Yeah, it's true. It's very true.
November 2020. Wow.
Jimmy Donaldson. Oh, I don't need to see
that. I don't need to see the guy. You
know what that's making me realize,
though? Is I haven't played Geogesser in
like 3 million years.
Let me log into my Geogesser account.
Let's Let's do this.
Did that say Geogesser is now on Steam?
Is that what that said?
I like clicked out of it cuz I thought
it was just a normal popup. What
did I read that right?
Gio
guesser
steam.
Oh, it has a five out of 10 on Steam.
I can't tell if that's just because
Geogaster is like as [__] as it is now
or
I don't have time to read this. I'm just
going to play the game.
Uh
They made this UI so bad these days.
Let's do a world. Uh, no move.
40 seconds.
Sure.
Oh man.
Part of me wants, man, I hate this
road. I don't I don't think it's too
late. Think about the time gig guess.
That was still really crazy. Um, here's
my shitty guess. Yeah, I know that was I
was like,
I haven't played this in a million
years. This is America. I don't give a
[__] No one wants to try in America.
It's fine.
Hello. Where is this Italy?
I'm just going Italy. I don't feel like
reading.
Oh, it's that was f Wait, that was
French. It was like a a toss up between
Spanish or Italian for me. Not French,
though. Whatever.
Where
is this? Like Texas.
Oh, it's California. I didn't get my
California sense. Oh no. Am I getting
washed? I can normally like smell it
from a mile away if it's California. I
can I didn't clock this as California
immediately. Uhoh. That's not good.
Well, it's a warm up or something.
Is this like
here?
Yeah. Hungry.
Okay.
I want to say it's like probably
hereish.
Not even close.
Every
every word is like really blurry. Super
bright.
Does it say miles per hour? Is that an
MH? [__]
Where do they use miles per hour? Ghana.
Kenya. Ghana. Got to Where's Got to
help.
Wait. Nigeria. Do we have Nigerian
street view?
Do we have Nigerian street view?
Since when do we have Nigerian street
view?
Well, I
horizontally speaking or vertically
speaking is very close. So, you know. E
wait. Actually, is this California?
I don't think it is.
I feel like this is
Damn it.
Melbourne Street. We're not in
Australia.
I don't think.
Maybe we are. No, I think we're like I
think we're like over here. [__]
Really? I That was Idaho.
This This was Idaho.
This
man. Okay.
Does not look like Idaho to me, but
that's like fine. Let's go. Melbourne,
Idaho.
Japan.
Japan or South Korea or Taiwan? I'm
going Japan because that has the most
street food.
Okay, it's Japan.
Uh-huh.
That's
Portuguese
or like here.
Is that Spanish? Okay. Um, this is very
tropics. Uh, Columbia.
Really?
Oh, that was actually makes a lot of
sense now that I now that I'm looking at
that more. It's Puerto Rico. Okay.
Cypress Trees. Shout out. Um,
there's no I can't I don't think there's
an EU tag on that.
So, where
So where
using my big fat small brain? Um,
sure. Why not?
That's FR. Oh, well that
I was cheated.
Well, that one's pretty easy. All you
have to do is look for like the racism
porch.
You're not allowed to move. No, I I've
I've chosen it to not allow me to move.
Okay, those were relatively easy. What
is this? Um,
I can't
I can't tell if that's Thai or Laian or
definitely not Sri Lanka surely
or
I have a hard time telling Cambodian and
Thai apart from each
I'm going to go in the border here.
Oh, is India. Wait, wait a minute.
Why do I Why did I not see that? And
it's not Tai. Hold on.
Oh my god. Oh my god. If I could just
zoom in a little bit better.
Okay, whatever.
That's something I should have known. So
that is my fault entirely.
Help.
Russia.
Hungary. I was trolled.
What the hell?
What? Ew.
Too pretty for Russia. What is this?
What?
Okay. Well, I was on the right track.
Oh, it's beautiful in this world that we
live in.
What is that? Cerillic.
What the [__]
Where
is that? Cerrillic.
I can't tell. The shapes are really
weird from this angle. I can't tell. I
think that is cerillic.
Oh, here. Why not?
You know what?
Sometimes I know what I'm talking about.
It's not the correct country, but like
the same area.
That was like really This area is like
really pretty. That was like really
pretty.
Oh no,
I closed my tab on accident.
Okay.
Seven. We're in miles per hour. We're in
America. But like like where
this to me in my mind feels very like
this could be
I don't know. It could be Texas.
I'm I'm going to be safe and like go
hereish.
That Oh, well, Iowa makes plenty of
sense, actually.
Oh, well, this should be pretty easy.
Surely this is Finland.
Let me let me just make sure I'm not
going crazy.
That's Finland.
That was pretty easy.
Finland's too obvious.
Okay.
Um,
the triangle.
The pyramid.
Why are we in the pyramid?
Why are we looking at the pyramid over
here?
Feel like we're Feel
like
could this be Peru? Actually,
no, just Mexico.
No fun.
It's never Peru.
Ew. Oh my god.
Who and why?
Oh, hello
streaming right now.
Dex said,
"Oh, I got scared like someone else
joined, too." That is Dex. Um, holy
[__] No, wait. I'm losing it. Uh, uh,
sure.
That's not not a bad guess, actually.
What the [__] even is this?
Context clues. Uh,
snowy mountain, big mountain range here.
Dirt road. Very interesting. Um,
man,
would you mind giving a Discord stream
when you have the chance?
Yeah. One second. Uh, Van, this is
probably not Switzerland or Austria, but
I just can't think right now.
Oh, that makes so much sense. It's just
southern Chile. Oh my god.
Oh my god. Uh,
it's just southern Chile. That makes a
lot of sense.
Chile is such a [__] big country.
Help me. Where am I?
Okay.
What?
[Music]
Where? Where is even this?
This one's going to hurt. I know this
one's going to hurt. Whatever it is,
it's going to hurt. Oh, could it be
Spain?
Whoa. What?
Okay, guys.
When the [__] ever does this look like
the Czech Republic? When the [__] ever?
Who's first thought looking at this is
like this is the Czech Republic?
Really?
It's just It's just like really dry.
Interesting. You don't live there.
Help. Help. Help. Help. Where is this?
Pink can trust Garta
Hastings. It's definitely America
obviously. Like where? I'm scared. Fair
lawn. This place looks like somewhere I
should know, which is what's bothering
me.
Oh man, what the hell?
Can we get like North Carolina in chat,
please? Oh, it's just Kansas. Okay.
Cypress trees.
Oh,
my immediate first thought is like
Romania.
Okay, it's just uh it's just Turkey.
Whatever.
UK
Australia. New Zealand.
UK. UK. No.
Yes.
UK. I'll just say it's UK.
Okay. Thank God. It's just Manchester.
What is this? Like here.
Whoa. Okay, that's Russia.
I'm kind of washed at this game these
days, huh?
This feels like some place I've been.
It's kind of, you know, is this a
gamble?
Oh man, I I can't think of where in
California would be cuz I don't think it
is California. But in the event it is
California, I want to make sure I
actually am at California. That's the
thing.
Okay, it's Colorado.
Colorado is just landlocked California
Peru.
Mexico. Mexico. Charlie
like here.
Why are we just like why are we in
Minecraft house soon? I'm going be
really bad if this is Peru or I mean it
could be El Salvador, right? Could it be
El Salvador?
El Salvador would be the more fun pick.
So, I'm going there. Oh, it was
it was Peru.
I said it verbally.
I saw the roads and I was like, "That
looks very Peruvian." But the signage
made me think otherwise. So,
trust the gut. Well, sometimes I trust
the gun and it's just ass and it's even
worse.
Um, Illinois, why not?
It was I can't tell where that is. Is
that North Carolina? Yeah, it is.
I feel like this is
like France, Belgium, Netherlands. So,
I'm going to go up here. Yeah.
Um,
I really wish I could see more signs
than this.
My immediate first thought was
Singapore, but I'm really scared of
picking Singapore and it not being
anywhere near Singapore. The trees don't
exactly look right,
but these buildings, they're so
brutalist and interesting. Oh, wait. No,
this is that's Spanish. Help, help,
help, help, help. Uh, no, not that's not
Spanish either. Columbia. Okay, cool.
Whatever.
I didn't mean to go to Brazil. They
don't even speak Spanish there.
But it was it was tropics. So,
where the [__] is this?
I think I got my answer.
Oh, it's all the way over there in the
other. Okay, whatever.
Florida, but it's like not Florida cuz
it's like going to be Colorado.
There's like a frames.
Lavia for fun.
Estonia. It's like never Estonia. I I
wanted to be Estonia. Okay. Well,
Lafville's pretty close. So,
well, America Hopkins Rural Fire
Department. So, it's going to be in [__]
all nowhere.
Well, if it's [__] all nowhere, let's
try Mississippi. Okay. Was this North
Carolina again?
God, this place is ugly.
Try Mississippi again.
Oh, it's Texas. It's even worse. Well,
no.
No. I think Mississippi is probably
worse than Texas, but that's fine.
Green,
man. I'm green.
I can't tell if that says stop or not.
Um,
EU tag there. I can't really read that.
I mean, a safe bet is just saying here.
Oh, Serbia.
Okay. What about this should have given
me Serbia is my question.
I mean, yeah,
those balconies are Slavic Balkan
in adjacency,
but anything else? What else here should
have given me Serbia?
I don't see it.
I just don't see it.
Quick, I go back to the infant and ask
them.
Hello,
taxi bus.
Serbia is always tricky because they
have
they they mix their characters a lot.
Doesn't
I don't know. At best, this would make
me think like Czech Republic again.
Yeah, this was a weird Serbia.
Okay, I'm in hell.
I don't know. I I don't know. So, let's
just uh let's just say Namibia for fun.
Why not?
So, that's Washington.
We just got Namibia on Street View
recently. I was like, I just want to be
Namibia. I want I want Namibia.
Are those long license plates?
Corrugated brick situation
type character. I cannot tell where we
are. That's pointing pretty far.
Can't tell if it's South American or
African. I'm going to say South Africa.
Why not in the Dutch part? Yeah, sure.
Hello. Hello.
That outfit's crazy.
Relax.
Where are we?
What if it's just Serbia again? Now I'm
scared.
If I knew more about trash cans, that
would probably give me an answer. I'm
fine. Serbia, where are you? Help.
Okay, that was just why I didn't. Okay.
Okay. Okay.
do this,
man. I'
My brain wants me to say Brazil so bad,
but it's probably not Brazil, but I
don't know what to do here.
Yeah, it's Mexico. Okay,
it's death Mexico. I should have clocked
that, but whatever.
What?
Uh, is that I can't
is that Norwegian, Belgian, Dutch,
Finnish? Not Finnish.
Not Norwegian.
I'll uh I'll go here.
He was Belgian. Okay.
How did the street view car get here?
driving.
Sure, I'll say it's Mexico. It's
Colombia. That was my second guess.
No, Argentina is my second guess.
Colombia is my third guess. Okay.
Wait, double checking this. Um,
can actually be Taiwan?
I don't think so. That's Japan.
Oh.
I don't know.
This is bad news for me. This one
I might fold for this one.
Okay.
Wait, no, there was like red dirt.
The dirt's like red. It's like either
Brazil or Australia or South Africa.
If you have the red dirt,
it's whatever. Two points of shame.
Yeah, I deserve it. I've earned it.
Okay, this one's too This one's unfair.
But where in Greece? I don't even know
if I could sus that out. Um,
no way. This is like down here, right?
This looks like it would be
maybe it is
big mountain is true.
Oh, that looks fun.
But I don't know where it is in Greece.
It's just Greece.
Huh?
That's a river.
I was like, this place looks coastal to
me, but I think maybe just a lot of
Greece looks coastal
by default, so whatever.
Okay.
Huh?
Relax.
I should have just stuck with
Birmingham.
Okay.
Um, man, I wonder where this is.
Oh.
Oh, country was right.
Okay, this is not good for me.
I'm looking at TW.
The roads are like very
that way.
No, I clicked. Hey, that was so mean.
You heard it. I was going to be wrong
anyway, but it would have been closer
than zero.
Thank you.
Okay, this is surely going to be like
here, right?
Well, close enough.
Do you see? I would have gotten so many
points.
I would have gotten so many points if I
had just clicked [__] Italy even
though it was France.
Austria.
Let me take a look at this before I
conclude Austria.
This looks really Austrian, but I'm
scared that it isn't.
Okay, that was just Austria.
I'm glad I didn't overthink this one.
[__] Hamlin.
Um, where the hell is this?
Uh,
hereish.
Holy [__] Canada jump scare.
Everyone's favorite place.
Okay, this one's weird.
Help.
I was between Russia and Turkey and it's
not going to be either. Oh, it's going
to be Turkey.
I said Russia first. So,
it would be so fun if this were like
Australia or New Zealand, but sadly it's
not. It's going to be like here.
Okay, close enough.
Germany.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Norway.
Norway.
Sweden.
I swear between Norway and Sweden, but
I'll just go with Norway because I said
it first. It was Sweden. It was It's
almost Stockholm. It was Stockholm.
Well, it was almost a
um
could it even be the Philippines?
It can even be the Philippines.
Ew. Ew. Oh my god. Texas.
Okay. Oh. Oh no. Delaware. I thought you
were cool.
Okay.
This should technically tell where the
ads are, but I don't know enough about
them.
Hungary.
No, Germany.
surely it's not here but
[__] [__]
[__]
Um.
Oh no.
Huh? Cypress tree jump scare.
Those are really weird ones.
Oh, Portugal.
Okay, that was my speed round and that
was like one of the best scores I've
done.
Okay,
let me let me do moving and no time
limit.
I want to see how how good we can get
this.
I'll play this one and then I'm going to
get off stream, I think.
Where in the even [__] is even this?
Ah, okay. Switzerland maybe.
What this reminds me of is
the area where Switzerland and Italy
meet each other.
Reminds me very specifically of like
this area.
Italianishious.
Yeah, this actually might be exactly
where I think it is.
I'm walking on uh
Italian side somewhere here.
Oh my god, that is so wrong.
I mean, not like so wrong in that it's
like the complete wrong part of the
world, but [__] Okay,
Europe.
What? This is all I get.
Just this one strip of road. I can go
this way. [__] Minecraft ass houses.
Philadelphia street.
This is
Keville Park cuz probably Ireland or
Northern Ireland
maybe
UK southeast. So I might be really
wrong. I don't know where that is. I
don't know what Milton Cades
is.
City of roundabouts.
I don't know.
Oh,
doesn't even offer that one.
Homes.
What the [__] is this increment? Google.
Google. This sucks, bro.
It's not North Carolina. I promise.
That was like a That was a solemn
promise. So, this is not North Carolina.
What?
Help.
Homesland.
Southern Norway. Southern Norway is
possible.
Dex said the locust.
You're definitely right. This is the
locust.
Cuz the locust is just Norway forever.
Stop making me snowy every day.
Every five yards it's snowy with you.
Stop.
It's really funny.
Thinking a lot about how they keep like
rural roads clear when it's snowy.
Okay, this is not really giving me a ton
of information. It's definitely like
Norway or Sweden.
Smeand.
Wait.
There's like a kindness fish.
Holy [__] That water's really blue.
Yeah. I I'm going to say that this is
probably like
here. [__] it.
Wow. Uh,
it was like Diet Coast stove land.
We were heading south.
We were going to get to Stove Land.
You're expecting more north. Norway is
really weird in that like the southern
parts and the northern parts actually
don't look as divergent as you might
expect them to.
I feel like I'm going nowhere. Hell,
this is like taking 10 years.
Okay.
Monty video. Okay.
111 km. Which direction?
What direction is this? That's west.
So west
would be like
Florida 15 uh kilometers. Whoops. I
don't know where Florida is.
Where's Florida on the on
thinking of this too literally
where it's definitely
monthly radio is like west from here but
it's like southwest this road
technically and maybe where's Florida?
There's Florida. So Florida's really
close. I would assume that we're around
here.
That's like the actual exact [__]
place.
How dare you give me 4996.
Guys, let this be a lesson that like
America [__] sucks because every
other country is a lot easier. I'm not
even from any of these countries.
That's all I'm saying.
See? And here we go. No idea where that
I don't know what the [__] Denton is.
Holly Road. Just some dumbass American
[__]
Nothing identifiable. Nothing
interesting.
I don't know what this is. What it says?
404 west.
Don't know where the 404 is. I don't
drive.
Error code is true.
There's a [__] 9,09.
What?
And I don't know where the [__]
Denton is.
Is it like
I don't know. Looking at America just
makes my brain start to fry a little
bit.
Too many roads.
And yet it's impossible to get anywhere
somehow.
Logan
Burning. Well,
who [__] names these?
That's Dalton.
I don't like looking for this. I don't
want to.
That's another Dayton.
Okay, I give up. Go to West Virginia.
The old sail barn. I must have missed
something interesting.
Okay, sure. Whatever. It's like decent.
Done with um done with it. Thanks for
coming. First stream. Bye.